With any job it's incredibly important to have a good source of feedback
for the jobs that you do. If you're in a position where like you
supervisor doesn't give you the the feedback that you need, he doesn't
show you the right way to do things. What the Navy is really good
for is having multiple resources to go to. So of course if you have
one chief above you and you're an enlisted person and he's not listening
to you, then what they say is that you can go above him. It's
not generally expected that you do that, but it is possible you know.
Everybody from the captain of the ship all the way down for the most
part has an open door policy, which means that if something is on
your mind you can come talk to them. Generally they like you to follow
the hierarchy. So the first question that they are going to ask
is "did you ask the person underneath me?" so beside you, if you have
a problem with someone above you, you talk to the people to your left or
right. Then you talk to the people, let's say it's a chief that
you're complaining about, then you talk to another chief. And then,
if neither of those listen, then maybe the senior chief or maybe
the officer of the unit and onwards up. So if you have a problem your
feedback, then there are lots of resources that you can go to.